So let's go to this problem level expression matching.
And I already have this an imprint.
This is the same thing, right?
It can do a strings.
And this is an example solution.
Etch the out ash start match.
And if I already experience all of this too is memorization simple and deep.
008000 is being called.
This is the base case.
We know when the strings are empty strings they will match.
If G has these the end, there's no more pattern to match.
You do has these D and I is not used in eight, but if I would have to use the end then this case would
have been fulfilled.
I do you have these the n as embodied in false because nothing more to match and otherwise it's just
memorization step.
I'm.
Memorization made this megacity close to zero.
And now let's just formulate our case cases, the first cases.
If B, D plus one is equal to start.
Right.
And the only thing I don't like about double dip is whenever you are asking for the next column or even
the current term, you just have to check whether it doesn't exceed the limit.
So here I just have to check that j plus one is less than Peter s.
Then only I can take period plus one to.
So if the administration priorities and if PGA Pacific was to start the next article is a start, then
let's get in as a second case.
So in the first case, what we thought was.
Think both these cases have the same deep I plus one plus one.
But what we can do here is.
But I can say if I use less then as the size and add if one of these two conditions satisfy it is.
S i s equals to p g.
Believe me or not, this will be one of your smallest regular session meetings solution you will ever
see.
So yeah, if assays equals three equals two PJ, that means both the characters are same in the next
category.
The start that means is a match if there's a match.
Answer or to a P, there's a Messi plus one.
Andy in Nottingham, India this time because we wanted to match more characters because they start off
pretty well and.
And what is the second case here?
Or if, say, the streak was repeated, this was the first case.
The second cases.
If BD is equal through.
Our doctor with PTSD goes to a doctor.
Then also we'll have the same because of our dependency that is hepatic goes only paperless when they
buzz and open medical character and move forward.
Look, this is.
When character matches.
Due to start.
You too, Star eight.
What if no character matches?
No character matches.
You're the star.
So, as I said, let's say I wants to take the previous element with itself.
That means just make no great damage.
So if it wants zero off its visiting elements to match zero.
Right.
Then what it can do is we've already discussed despite.
It is this baby I command you blessed to hate that means bye bye jobless too.
Because applause when you start.
It is here.
We are going to deal with it.
It doesn't want it to match and start matching from Duplass to and I will do it differently.
So answered articles to the AP.
I will remain there only and jobless to.
I hope this makes sense and there is no character damage.
I will not move forward.
Simple and nowhere to match the start.
I will take the corrective in itself and go.
And it will take.
You can always start writing from tables.
Who better to second guess?
What was this excuse that we had when the Knicks contract is not to start?
If the Knicks get it is not a staff.
We can see both of them are the same causes.
So let's just put them in the running for you.
If, as George says less then.
But if I is less than as George says.
And.
This case when you.
I say yeah.
Think is if I say good superior the goes to a dart that means there is exactly one.
Correct me if there's exactly one correct image.
What will do answers or request should be a plus one because one character missed and g plus one.
At one point mapping you this garden matches or if they are seen.
Well.
Yeah.
But these were the cases.
And then there's this third case.
Well, of course, we are not worried about the cases when it is false, because we have already taken
answers.
Zero initially.
Finally, what will happen?
Will it in the answer?
And here I have also memorised it well.
So I don't have to say it again.
Let's build it.
It's for some kids favorite books and it's start.
Yeah.
But is the problem.
Okay.
So I think B generally.
Let me.
Let me quickly.
You name it, baby.
Late and heroes.
I think there will be a problem.
This be?
And here also.
Okay.
Well this wouldn't give me a zero relative.
I e now I think this should give me a true solution.
Because this time I will take this list.
I will take this.
Yeah.
And these two darts will match with these two.
Beautiful.
What if there was a star here?
It's brilliant.
So here we can see again because.
This card can match with any of these is ending in a way.
It is.
This star is merging with the.
But this daughter's merging with this daughter's merging with Disney.
And the next day vanishes.
So there are so many different combinations in this particular input and to give the output.
Okay.
I don't always you know, discuss and complexities of the solution.
But I hope.
Now it's not needed, right?
You all should understand what is the complexity of.
So here I in the other two variables I'm memorizing on the basis of I energy total states that I Entergy
how many engines are there this installed size and do you did say basically aiming to in our end squared
in chart eight is then consolidation of.
Regular expression matching.
I hope you enjoyed it.
And this is alter to give problem.
Of course I already saw that, so I was able to explain it.
But always, whenever we are moving to a new problem, you should keep trying the problem yourself,
like for one or two out at least, because these are some tough deep problems and then only come to
the solution.
Well.
So thank you all.
In the next part.